FILE NAME: instructions_2.txt

1. Introduction 
Thank you for deciding to purchase the Compact Weekday Pill Dispenser from 
Aidapt. The Compact Weekday Pill Dispenser is manufactured from the finest 
materials available. When used correctly it is designed to give many years of reliable, 
trouble-free service. 
2. Intended Use 
The handy, Compact Weekday Pill Dispenser provides a simple reminder to take your 
medication, with one clearly-labelled compartment per day. 
3. Using your Pill Box Keyring 
The round Compact Weekday Pill Dispenser has a simple-to-use operation: 
1. Click on the button to rotate the compartments around and select the 
correct day 
2. Flip down the lid to insert or tip out the tablets 
3. Click the lid down into place to close the compartment 
4. Cleaning 
Clean your Compact Weekday Pill Dispenser using a non-abrasive cleaner or mild 
detergent with a soft cloth only. Only use a mild detergent or disinfectant; never use 
an abrasive cleaner. Always ensure that you wipe dry all equipment. 
5. Reissue 
If you reissue or are about to reissue this product, please thoroughly check all 
components for their safety. 
If in any doubt, please do not issue or use, but immediately contact your 
supplier for service support. 
6. Important Information 
The information given in this instruction booklet must not be taken as forming 
part of or establishing any contractual or other commitment by Aidapt 
Bathrooms Limited, Aidapt (Wales) Ltd or its agents or its subsidiaries and no 
warranty or representation concerning the information is given. 
Please exercise common sense and do not take any unnecessary risks when 
using this product; as the user you must accept liability for safety when using 
the product. 
Please do not hesitate to contact the person who issued this product to you or 
the manufacturer (detailed below) if you have any queries concerning the 
assembly/use of your product.
7. Care & Maintenance
Please make a safety check of the product at regular intervals or if you have any 
concerns